hey guys this is Austin from y3k games
here to give you a review on the new
indie game towns which is a RPG / city
building game it's a lot of fun it's
kind of a retro style city building game
it has several layers and got something
very unique about a naturally seen in
many city building games is that you
know you can go down in layers to kind
of go down to dungeon areas and you can
go up in layers to kind of look at the
tops of hills and you know the tops of
your buildings you know depending on how
high you make them it's very
customizable you can make things appear
the way you want them to you can change
colors and things you know if you have
the right materials to do so you can
upgrade armor weapons you know as you go
deeper the dungeons you obtain better
things to upgrade your armor and weapons
and you start out kind of simple you
start with like a carpentry area you
make a workbench and then you get
another bench to create better things
just to keep leveling everything you're
doing to kind of make things better and
then eventually once you just make sure
that everybody's staying alive you start
getting into the fancier just creating
the cool items and whatnot just kind of
make decorative stuff and you can move
new immigrants in which I have not yet
been successful at because you have to
build a lot before we're going to start
moving in now this game is a lot of fun
one of the major things about it that
you should definitely know going in said
there is a huge learning curve year
there's no good
tutorial in game for this the only
tutorial you get is like five different
like maps and they kind of create and
then there's like a setting thing at the
top left the kind of blinks and then you
press f it tells you to press f1 you
press f1 and then you get this big black
box with a paragraph text telling you
what to do in this map that is it that
is all you get tutorial watts and it
doesn't even get complicated enough to
actually learn the entirety of the game
so I would definitely suggest looking
online for tutorials and I just kind of
tried to tough it out because I didn't
want to have to look somebody else's
stuff up to then tell you guys so I just
kind of tucked it through and learned
everything but I definitely do not
suggest trying that yourself I'm going
to try to release a few tutorials and if
you guys need any kind of tutorials you
know if you actually end up getting the
game just request something that you'd
like to know and i'll try to make a
tutorial video about it y 3k games gives
towns a 7.5 out of 10 see you next time